the thing about the llados we would have to
start by seeing Dani
vacates announcing the complaint man What
happens is that it's 11
minutes what 11 minutes man come on let's
take a
look to see I'm that the issue of
filing a complaint
found a
kiss family today is Sunday but this
cupa news let's put an end to the soap opera
well the end I'm not going to announce the
beginning of what's coming to this
man as I announced is that we
were already talking about it do you remember that Pablo
even made a a
video Also not giving my opinion is that
what are you complaining about there is no
crime of fraud In my opinion fall You're
going to understand Why I got myself
into this mess which of course I had no
desire but You're going to understand and
wait until the end of the video because that
's when we will announce What
legal action we're going to take against this
alleged scammer well let's go to the
beginning of the story I'll try to be
as little as possible and a few days ago
the mother of a boy
named Ricardo wrote to me Ricardo is a boy from
here  Madrid Who knew the system of
this alleged scammer called Amadeo
yados and fell into his networks like
thousands and thousands of other Spaniards As I
believe that 85% of their niches are in
South America Well I don't have Yes this guy if it's that I have no
interest
in following your life The problem is that
things like what this mother tells me
Obviously I'm not going to allow this
kid eh As I tell you falls into the network of
this of this of this sect Because for
me it is a sect and we are going to prove it he gets
hooked eh it seems that the kid
was not at his best according to what
his mother tells me no no there was no
drug issue he didn't use drugs or anything because let's
get one thing straight There are people who
have written to me few Obviously 95%
are in favor of this action But
there are people who have told me Dani man that it
gets him out of drugs that it gets him out of
alcohol eh that gives good advice yes
that's obvious not to take drugs, not to
drink alcohol and doing sports is
healthy I have not invented that neither
two nor me nor any mentor nor any
motorcycle salesman that I can see  on the
internet like him who have already
mentioned some more if that is
obvious there is no need to give
this guy any medals for that that is obvious but what
can not be is that the kid
Ricardo influenced by llados has left
his girlfriend has distanced himself from his family
from his friends and for me the most serious thing
when he has seen himself ruined only
thinner that he lost 13 kilos his mother tells me
that he barely slept the following were
two suicide attempts two
suicide attempts So dear
yados I imagine that you will be super proud
of the shitty product that you sell and
that you offer to people but how do
you hold all that legally
found or rather legally
How how does allados accuse him of that I am
going to explain to you how
this character works this character that he
literally says that he is the closest person there is to
God take a look but
before I want to show you a photo This
character that you see here This is the
authentic
yados this one that you see here is the authentic
yados
this one that has the balls to mess
with kids because of their physique This is
the authentic yados obviously  before
falling into the subject of anabolics of
adorning yourself a little bit of now appearing
a Beaver instead of a person That is
the real one yados look at who is at
the top of this pyramid he messes with
everyone and you have already seen what is
good this guy what he does is he is
incitement to suicide but incitement
to
suicide I do not see it the
truth I do not see him approaching or weaving a
spider web so that people in this
case quite vulnerable because to me
this guy sells me whatever he sells me
obviously I am not going to buy it But
well eh For whatever reason people fall into
his nets And so what is it that he does
from the beginning humiliate them lower the
little self-esteem they have to the ground and
trample on them during these days I have
shown you the profile of how he treats
people in these mentorships where the only thing he does
is humiliate them for me there is already
quite a hate crime in this case
that we will later talk judicially about what is
going to be autistic of hate he lowers them
humiliates them tells them that they are nobody and that
why because of the fat ones No
maybe not that belly no  I know what those
milistas I don't know weak eh function is to
get closer to him who is the closest thing there is
to God and with that they will have
happiness the lambos the type of woman
who goes by his side that of course I don't
like at all because that Well but it's all a matter of
taste we're not going to get into
criticizing the girls who
accompany him because in the end they are taking in
a lot of money every night Hey and that's
what facturis seems wonderful to me It's an
agreement between two parties but the rest
no longer the rest no longer la la la Or
the technique or the tactic or the
superand way sense very easy lowers
self-esteem tramples on them and then Opens
a door after painting it all
wrong what is it I have the solution I'm
going to tell you when speaking of
ridiculous words nonsense of the mindset Well
let's not talk about the [ __ ] of the
[ __ ] belly of the bro of all that
[ __ ] that he says that has me collapsed
it was very difficult for me to watch these videos
but if I have a mission right now it is to
close El Chiringuito Or at least
try  Look at one thing, I
find this very complicated, I see it very
complicated, okay, he has already responded. Well,
I thought it was something more media-related
on Dani's part, he vacates the truth, like
causing a media stir and such, I didn't
imagine he was taking it so
seriously, I mean, yes, I saw the tweets, I didn't
see this TT Dani vacates announces a
lawsuit against Adeo Lados, a youtuber who has
become a millionaire by directing
young people to economic success in exchange for
paying subscribers, what do you
think? But anyway, I still
see it as weak because in the end it's the same thing
we've already seen, I mean, more than you've
put Rodinger's cat and the other
girl in their
videos, we didn't see anything there, I mean,
no, no, it's not a legal loophole, it's not about
a legal loophole, it's about me not seeing
something. I mean, what the
hell, a kiss, dear Javi, my
first time donating is for you, don't get
tangled up in this whole thing, don't give them more
space or your vein will come out and you'll get angry
for your reasons, because of what these people tell you.
gibel chat nothing nothing but now Even
if he says something else I'm not going to
answer anymore I mean it was simply
because I'm exposing myself or more than anything it's that
the interpretations that they make of of
things that in the same language you say
but if it's that you're not saying the
same thing as your
son or rather what he accuses of what crimes he
accuses in the United States they can
sue him But what what what what are you
suing the first thing is that he is in the
United States no So if he is
committing this in the United States you
would have to sue based on a
law of the United States
not something that is illegal there no and of and
sending him there obviously not maybe
manipulation But what crime is
there by
sect that I don't see it man you see that
I'm not a lawyer or jurist or anything but not
far from the fact that a scam could appear to you
in a colloquial way as we have
spoken many times not something punishable
by justice I don't know where the
truth is I don't understand
where he trembles literally he can't even
[ __ ] talk and he thanks me Yes that was
one because of course Dani from desocupa
told his followers that if they saw on the
sides by  ibisa that they recorded him and
told him already Tic Tac Tic Tac you don't have
much left no the world of
social networks of the opinions of the commoners
is not reality bro it is the opinion of
those who are winning reality to me
nobody ever in history on the street
has said anything to me nobody in history on
the street approached me and told me
that I am a scammer or a smoke seller
maybe they know why I go with a [ __ ]
glocky in 1.2 seconds I can blow his
dick off and he doesn't want to play it well Maybe that's
why in the street Only that they have
approached they have cried they have trembled
people are literally shaking they can't even
[ __ ] speak and they thank me for the g no the
world of social networks of the
opinions of the commoners is not
reality bro it is the opinion of those who
are winning
reality
well they don't give a damn they don't
give a damn eh let's
see if there is something
else about the sect issue no the
sect issue would not be no that's what is being
talked about useless Adolfo another
[ __ ] useless Roberto porras  you're another
[ __ ] useless person I don't know if you understand if I
could know your email right now
write it now that I'm kicking you out of the
[ __ ] room I don't know if you understand
[ __ ] useless people you can't hear you can't
hear it's the same as the [ __ ]
[ __ ] people in the lives or what the
next one who says it can't be heard here and whatever and whoever doesn't don't
see that people are
listening you're useless dude what are you
doing against your [ __ ] life I mean do you think you're
so egocentric that you
think I have to stop this class
because of your retardedness I'm
[ __ ] mentally [ __ ] I don't know if you understand my
[ __ ] blood boils put your
[ __ ] email there if you have the balls
now I have to throw some [ __ ]
punches for those [ __ ] useless people I'll
say it again that's insane bro insane that an
[ __ ] person like that can get in but be
very careful with what you do in the
[ __ ] chat be very careful because I don't
need money be very careful what you can in the
[ __ ]
chat there maybe some
insults I don't know the truth I have no [ __ ]
idea I don't know the truth they say it's a
class action lawsuit  1000 people I don't know
if maybe when they
joined but I don't know the truth is that
I have no [ __ ] idea Well we'll be
aware of what's there And what
happens and we'll comment on whatever
10,000 so that he can scold you like your
father, but it's not like when you
're paying You accept that you're already paying
for that, I mean, no,
this is public, no I mean, it's been seen already,
no, I don't know the truth, I see it very weak, eh
Maybe I'm wrong And
you guys in the comments box
Put
something else that you can't hear
what you can't hear
what [ __ ] Brock [ __ ] Bros
I liked him better when raimito
said can you let me talk